---
title: Starting up Beyond-STAT
author: ~
date: '2018-12-07'
slug: 
categories: ["Introduction"]
tags: []
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
linktitle: Starting up Beyond-STAT
menu:
  post:
    parent: Posts
    weight: 3
---

Hello people (or non-people, I aim to be inclusive)!

My name is Noah, and this is the start of my website and tutorial center!
I've been pondering why I should create a wedbsite and the ebst reason I ahve come up with is to have a single place to store many of my ideas and struggles (with R in particular). 
The name I came up with Beyond-STAT is mean to sum up my work. 
STAT us short for statistics and a plat on words at the same time.
My sister is an ICU nurse and 'stat' is an emergency call (not actually I have discovered, but it is a fun play on words I can take from TV land).
My purpose for this play on words is to describe how I feel like statistics is used as an emergency to bring life back to many datasets. 
My career feels like a similar vein at times, but I strive to focus on more than analyzing data to find a result (i.e, I strive to go 'beyond' statitics).
This focus stems from my drive to help other answer complex questions with data in a rigorous manner.
Part of my training has focused on educational measurement and how to rigorously measure complex constructs.
In this manner, the statistical models employed aim to help explain the process by which data were generated.

Describing processes is one of the major benefits to understanding statistics which I aim to do throguh my work. 
This website contains some of my ideas on statistical modeling and measurement models.
Also, this where many of my trial-and-error attempts are also given and maybe they will be helpful to someone.

Thank you for reading and I hope you find something interesting in my ramblings!
